[Music]
don't take the couch he'll sleep on the
roof in Casablanca that's where husbands
go they're watching us now kiss me
so you were beautiful good being good at
this kind of work is not very beautiful
after the war you have the place when
the war is over what matter where I am
found each other
come with me in London come with me you
be my wife
I love you with all my heart
there's no easy way to say what we're
about to say we suspect your wife as a
German spies insane if you're right all
this will be forgotten but if she is who
will execute her with your own hand and
if you do not comply you're behind 72
hours we shall know for sure
is this a game the test everything is a
test you were different with me last
night different like you were angry
she's the mother of my child
it isn't true I'll prove it say her
you've been lately they disobeyed orders
you're scaring me when the war is over
don't matter where I am
hey what happened to my kiss
you
[Music]